Store Clerk: Hello
Store Clerk: You know you gotta pay for that, right.
Store Clerk: Hey.
Come on.
* screaming*
Logan: Not okay.
Logan: We've got ourselves an X-men fan.
Logan: Maybe a quarter of it happened.
But not like this.
Logan: In the real world people die.
Professor: Logan.
Logan: I don't wanna talk about it.
Logan: Just stop.
Professor: Be careful
Donald Pierce: I need the girl.
Logan: What girl?
Donald Pierce: Go get her.
* Distant male screams and gunshots *
Donald Pierce: No.
Nooo.
No.
X-23: Ahhhh!
Professor: She's like you.
Very much like you.
Logan: I am not, whatever it is you think I am.
Professor: She needs our help.
Logan: Someone will come along.
Professor: Someone has come along
Professor: This is what life looks like
Professor: People love each other.
Home.
Professor: You should take a moment.
Feel it.
You still have time.